[Q 4.7] library management
Write a function void manage(string library, string book, string author) that reads into 3 files library.txt and book.txt and author.txt.
In there:
The file library.txt contains information about the libraries, including: the first line contains a positive integer N which is the number of libraries surveyed. The next N lines each contain 6 values ​​separated by a space. For each row, the first value is the name of the Library (the name of the Library is unique), the other 5 values ​​are 5 positive integers, which are the IDs of the 5 books in that library.
     Example:
          3
          LA 1 2 3 4 5
          LB 5 3 1 2 4
          LC 4 1 5 2 3
The file book.txt contains information about the books, including: the first line contains a positive integer M which is the number of titles in all libraries. The next M lines each contain 3 values ​​(separated by a space) that have the following meaning: the first value is a positive integer representing Book Number (ID - ID is unique), the 2nd value is the year of manufacture and the last value is the category.
     Example:
          5
          1 2000 A
          2 2001 B
          3 1993 D
          4 1997 A
          5 1995 C
The author.txt file contains information about the authors, including: the first line contains a positive integer P which is the number of all the authors of the books in the library (assuming a book is authored by only one author. fake). The next P lines each contain the following values ​​(values ​​are separated by a space): the first value is the Author's Name, the remaining values ​​are the IDs of the books that the author has read. that was composed.
     Example:
          3
          David 1 5
          John 3
          Henry 2 4
Determines if Library L contains any works by Author A, if so, outputs "True" to the screen, otherwise outputs "False". With L and A entered from the keyboard.
Input:
The 3 variables "library", "book" and "author" contain the names of the 3 files "library.txt" and "book.txt" and "author.txt" respectively.
Output:
"True" or "False" for the input.
